As we just mentioned, that second item was selected,
let's show you how you can get the value inside
your test of which one was chosen.
So I want to go ahead and give myself some space at
the bottom of our list and say for.
And we're going to do a for loop over the WebElement, and we'll say that
it's a radio button because that's the individual item that we are working
with. And we're going to do this on radioButtons.
So it's an iteration over radioButtons with the individual element for
radioButton. I'll say if radioButton.isSelected, then we want to just do
a System.out.println on the value itself.
So say radioButton.getAttribute, and this will allow us to go through and
choose the attribute of that HTML element, which is value.
That value is referring to the value of the color of that radio button, so the
attribute inside that tag that we're currently working with.
If I run this again, it'll fire up the browser,
but I'll just show you here inside of our console which
one is selected. And you can see right down at the bottom
here, running that test again,
we didn't change anything on the front end, it's the green one that is
selected, and that's referring to in our HTML that value of green. Not
the actual text associated with the tag, but the value of green in that input element.